1
eurobeat

21
[Initial D AMV] - Hero Samurai [Eurobeat]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjTaAw8k1Bo
Initial D [AMV REUPLOAD] - Save Another Day For Me (w/ Engine sounds)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYC19oW3glM
Initial D「AMV」- The End of The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTPbWcUZ3r4
[AMV] Initial D | Max Coveri | Running in the 90's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWLoUjz-w-8
Initial D: Legend - Sil80 vs AE86 [AMV]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkSxzYDR8kA
[AMV - Initial D] WheelPower & Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqGm6gyxu5Y
[AMV] Initial D Legend 1: Heartbeat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMiTy5Q6YeA
Initial D「AMV」- Night Fever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZeRFnybzE4
Initial D AMV Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpCz3I_wBec
Initial D-A Perfect Hero AMV (w/ car sounds)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sw-yaM1JDp4
Initial D [AMV] - Firebird (REMASTERED)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfu9rL0HUP4
Initial D R32 GTR AMV - SHOCK OUT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94yq9eLc7Ic
Initial D Legend 3 AMV - Euronight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk47wXSzw4Y
Looka Bomba | Initial D Lyric Video | God Foot (BNR34) vs Keisuke (FD3S)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1HV3psF58w
【MAD】新劇場版 頭文字D　STOP YOUR SELF CONTROL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOmNe4VXgi4
Initial D [AWM] - Speedway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6DLvI30syo
Initial D [AMV] - Disconnected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTavwx992pw
Initial D [AMV] - Superdance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BR12pTK5KBM
Initial D [AMV] - Kiss to kiss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mmolKJ8SGc
(Initial D) - Burning Up for You ┃ AMV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cCSN_JsGtE
Initial D - Goodbye Yellow Brick Road AMV [Fourth Stage HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlOsGuZn8sY
